<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="how_to_personalize_your_medication_reminders">
    <title>How to Personalize Your Medication Reminders</title>
    <shortdesc>Here you will learn how to personalize your Medication Reminders schedules for timely
        medication intake.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_zlb_bmh_z1c">
            <p>Have your medication names and schedules at hand.</p>
        </prereq>
        <context/>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go to the "Medication" section and select "Add Medication".</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter medication details and then tap "Set Reminder".</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Choose specific times for each reminder. To adjust for different days, select
                    "Repeat" option, where you can specify the frequency (daily, weekly, or custom
                    days) and adjust the timing for each reminder as needed.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Save the reminder. Repeat for multiple medications as needed.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_wqh_dnh_z1c">You will receive tailored reminders for each medication,
            ensuring you take them at the correct times every day.</result>
        <example id="example_ldp_hnh_z1c">Sarah needs to take her heart medication at 8 AM and her
            allergy pills at 8 PM. She enters both medications into HealthTrack, sets the reminders
            for these specific times, and chooses a repeat schedule for every day. Now, Sarah
            receives timely reminders every morning and evening to take her medications.</example>
    </taskbody>
</task>
