<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="how_to_choose_and_customize_notification_options_for_your_medication_reminders">
    <title>How to Choose and Customize Notification Features</title>
    <shortdesc>Here you will learn how to choose from a variety of Notification
        Features.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_njy_whk_z1c">
            <p>Determine your preferred notification type: visual or auditory.</p>
        </prereq>
        <context/>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>In "Settings", navigate to "Notification Preferences".</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Choose between visual (banner, badge) and auditory (alarm, tone) alerts.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Toggle the vibration option to "On" if you wish to add a vibration alert along
                    with your chosen auditory or visual notification.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Adjust the volume and visual appearance settings as preferred and save.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_syj_bjk_z1c">Customized notifications will alert you about medication
            times in your chosen method, reducing the chance of missed doses.</result>
        <example id="example_t1v_jjk_z1c">Mike prefers visual notifications because he often keeps
            his phone on silent mode. He selects the banner notification option with a distinctive
            icon for his diabetes medication reminder. Now, whenever it's time to take his
            medication, a clear banner pops up on his phone's screen, ensuring he sees the reminder
            even if his phone is on silent.</example>
    </taskbody>
</task>
