<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="how_to_record_your_medication_usage_and_check_adherence">
    <title>How to Record Your Medication Usage and Check Adherence</title>
    <shortdesc>Here you will learn how to log your medication intake, monitor adherence and generate
        reports for healthcare consultations.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_zzy_rmk_z1c">Regularly update your medication intake in the app.</prereq>
        <context/>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>After receiving a medication reminder, open the app and go to "Medication
                    Log".</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Tap on the medication name and select "Mark as Taken" or "Skip" if not
                    taken.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add notes if necessary, especially if a dose was missed or delayed.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Review your adherence over time in the "Reports" section and share with
                    healthcare providers through the "Share" option.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_hqy_jnk_z1c">Gain insights into your medication adherence patterns,
            allowing for better health management and informed discussions with healthcare
            providers.</result>
        <example id="example_b2x_mnk_z1c">Linda uses HealthTrack to manage her complex medication
            schedule. After each reminder, she logs into the app to mark her medication as taken.
            Over a month, she reviews her adherence report in the app and notices she frequently
            misses her afternoon dose. Linda shares this report with her doctor, who helps her
            adjust the timing of her doses for better adherence.</example>
    </taskbody>
</task>
