<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="overview_of_codestreamx_studio">
    <title>Overview of CodeStreamX Studio</title>
    <shortdesc>Here you will learn what CodeStreamX Studio is, focusing on its role and
        functionalities tailored to collaborative software development projects.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>CodeStreamX Studio is an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) designed to streamline
            the software development process. It offers a comprehensive suite of tools for code
            writing, editing, debugging, and version control, making it an ideal platform for
            individual developers and teams alike. </p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_znf_w3j_1bc">
            <title>CodeStreamX Studio - Basic Features</title>
            <tgroup cols="2">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.6*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Feature</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Version Control Integration</entry>
                        <entry>Supports direct integration with version control systems (VCS) like
                            Git, allowing users to manage project versions and collaborate with team
                            members seamlessly within the IDE.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Project Management</entry>
                        <entry>Facilitates the creation, organization, and management of software
                            development projects. Users can set up new projects, define project
                            details, and customize the development environment to suit their
                            needs.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Collaborative Tools</entry>
                        <entry>Includes features for team collaboration, such as the ability to
                            invite team members to projects, assign roles and access levels, and
                            share project documentation and guidelines.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Customizable Workspace</entry>
                        <entry>Offers a flexible workspace that can be tailored to individual
                            preferences and project requirements, enhancing productivity and
                            efficiency.</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </conbody>
</concept>
